Java Tree Builder (JTB) version 1.2.2
README File
-------------------------------------

OVERVIEW:

   The Java Tree Builder is a tool designed to be used with the Java Compiler 
Compiler (JavaCC) parser generator.  Its function is to take a plain JavaCC 
grammar, generate a set of syntax tree classes based on the productions 
in the grammar and utilizing the Visitor design pattern; generate a Visitor 
superclass whose default methods simply visit the children of the current 
node; and to produce a JavaCC grammar with the proper annotations to 
build the syntax tree during parsing.  Visitors can then be written to 
perform various operations on and manipulate the generated syntax tree.


WHERE TO OBTAIN JTB:
   JTB can currently be found at http://www.cs.purdue.edu/jtb.
This page will have a link to the newest version of the program.  The contents
of the distribution file are as follows:

   README         - This file.
   JTB_DOCS       - Currently just a pointer to the JTB web site docs.
   VERSION_NOTES  - Notes for the current version of JTB.
   CHANGE_LOG     - Log of changes made with each new version.
   jtb.jar        - Java archive file containing the JTB class files.
   bin/jtb        - Automatically generated shell script to execute JTB.
   src/*          - The source code for the current version.

   In terms of documentation, only the README and JTB_DOCS are necessary to
read.  The files VERSION_NOTES and CHANGE_LOG are mainly for record keeping.


INSTALLATION:

   JTB requires that the following already be installed:

      o JavaCC    -- JTB was built and tested using version 0.7.1 of JavaCC.
                     Newer versions will probably work, but this cannot be
                     guaranteed as of this version.
      o Java 1.1  -- Requires a Java 1.1 compliant virtual machine and
                     compiler.

   Download the file jtbXXX.class (where XXX is the current version number)
from the above-mentioned location.  This is a self-installing archive
created using InstallShield Java Edition, a descendant of the tool used to
distribute JavaCC.

   Simply run the file using the Java 1.1 VM.  On a UNIX system this would
look as follows:

   % java jtbXXX

   NOTE: InstallShield will make a note of the Java virtual machine you used
to run the installer and use this as the one to execute JTB within the
script.  If for some reason you have multiple VM's (e.g. Javasoft and
Microsoft), please use the one you wish to use to run JTB.

   Follow InstallShield's on-screen instructions.

   JTB should now be ready to use.  See the file JTB_DOCS for information on
using JTB.


BUG REPORTS, COMMENTS, & SUGGESTIONS:

   Please send bug reports, comments, and suggestions to Wanjun Wang, 
wanjun@purdue.edu, and/or Jens Palsberg, palsberg@cs.purdue.edu.
